README.md, before:

# tsm-server-api

Uma aplicação [Sails](http://sailsjs.org)
API no TSM Server para atender o SIMBA em consultas e solicitações de registros de nodes no TSM.

## Getting Started

To get you started you can simply clone the tsm-server-api repository and install the dependencies:

### Prerequisites

You need git to clone the tsm-server-api repository. You can get git from
[http://git-scm.com/](http://git-scm.com/).

We also use a number of node.js tools to initialize and test tsm-server-api. You must have node.js and its package manager (npm) installed.  You can get them from [http://nodejs.org/](http://nodejs.org/).

### Clone tsm-server-api

Clone the tsm-server-api repository using [git][git]:

```
cd git
git clone https://gitlab.supcd.serpro/37318942204/tsm-server-api.git
cd tsm-server-api
```

### Install Dependencies

Install `nvm` on you home directory.

```
cd ~
wget -qO- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creationix/nvm/v0.25.1/install.sh | bash
```

Close and reopen your terminal. Install stable version of `node`.

```
nvm install stable
nvm use stable
```
Install application dependencies using the node package manager.

```
cd ~/git/tsm-server-api
npm install
```

### Run the tests

I configured a grunt task to run all tests. Just run:

```
grunt test
```

You may need to setting up node environment again, if you have just opened a new shell.
```
nvm use stable
grunt test
```

### Lifting the app

To start the web service you run sails with the lift argument.
```
sails lift
```

You can specify which environment to load, production or development, by exporting a variable before lifting the app.

```
export NODE_ENV=development
```

or

```
export NODE_ENV=production
```

You can see the responses from the web service accessing any API from the browser or some tool like curl.

http://localhost:1337/Node

```
curl http://localhost:1337/Node
```

### Creating an entry

```
curl -X POST --data 'name="DFCDSRVP0045_MENSAL"' http://localhost:1337/Node
```

Commit message:

Attributes added to Node model. More on README.

README.md, after:

# tsm-server-api

Uma aplicação [Sails](http://sailsjs.org)
API no TSM Server para atender o SIMBA em consultas e solicitações de registros de nodes no TSM.

## Getting Started

To get you started you can simply clone the tsm-server-api repository and install the dependencies:

### Prerequisites

You need git to clone the tsm-server-api repository. You can get git from
[http://git-scm.com/](http://git-scm.com/).

We also use a number of node.js tools to initialize and test tsm-server-api. You must have node.js and its package manager (npm) installed.  You can get them from [http://nodejs.org/](http://nodejs.org/).

### Clone tsm-server-api

Clone the tsm-server-api repository using [git][git]:

```
cd git
git clone https://gitlab.supcd.serpro/37318942204/tsm-server-api.git
cd tsm-server-api
```

### Install Dependencies

Install `nvm` on you home directory.

```
cd ~
wget -qO- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creationix/nvm/v0.25.1/install.sh | bash
```

Close and reopen your terminal. Install stable version of `node`.

```
nvm install stable
nvm use stable
```
Install application dependencies using the node package manager.

```
cd ~/git/tsm-server-api
npm install
```

### Run the tests

I configured a grunt task to run all tests. Just run:

```
grunt test
```

You may need to setting up node environment again, if you have just opened a new shell.
```
nvm use stable
grunt test
```

### Lifting the app

To start the web service you run sails with the lift argument.
```
sails lift
```

You can specify which environment to load, production or development, by exporting a variable before lifting the app.

```
export NODE_ENV=development
```

or

```
export NODE_ENV=production
```

You can see the responses from the web service accessing any API from the browser or some tool like curl.

http://localhost:1337/Node

```
curl http://localhost:1337/Node
```

### Creating an entry

```
curl -X POST --data 'nodeName="DFCDSRVP0045_MENSAL"&domainName="LINUX"' http://localhost:1337/Node
```

Replace the values of the attributes *nodeName* and *domainName* at your wish.

## Models

The API has the following models.

### Node

The Node models is responsible to handle with TSM Nodes requests. It has the attributes below:

* *nodeName*: string, required
* *domainName*: string, required
* *archDelete*: boolean, optional
* *backDelete*: boolean, optional
* *maxNummp*: integer, optional

To search for a node you can open the following URL in your browser:

```
http://localhost:1337/node/find?nodeName="DFCDSRVP0045_MENSAL"
```

Or post it using curl:

```
curl -X POST --data 'nodeName="DFCDSRVP0045_MENSAL"' http://localhost:1337/Node/find
```
